docs/setup_notes_vm.md, before:

# Instruction for Setup for VM MySQL:
## VM creation
1. Select instance to create.
2. Choose E2 for price and usability.
3. Choose e2-small for minimum of 2GB of memory.
4. Choose Ubuntu OS system.
5. Everything else kept to default and hit enter.

## Firewall configuration
1. Create a firewall rule.
2. Name it and give it a description.
3. Set IP range to 0.0.0.0/0 to allow all IPs.
4. Set protocol to TCP:3306

## SSH steps
1. Type `sudo apt-get update` to update the OS system.
2. Type `sudo apt install mysql-server mysql-client` to install mysql into the server.
3. Type `sudo mysql` to log in into mysql.
4. Type `CREATE USER 'xxx'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY 'xxx';` to add user to database
5. Type `GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON *.* TO 'xxx'@'%' WITH GRANT OPTION;` to give all privileges to the user.
6. Download Nano
7. Type `sudo nano /etc/mysql/mysql.conf.d/mysqld.cnf` to edit mysqld.cnf file
6. Input `0.0.0.0/0` in the mysqld.cnf to allow for other network connections.
7. Researt SSH and input `mysql -u 'xxx' -p` to locally test the user connection to mysql.
8. Input the password you set to the username.

Commit message:

finsihed the setup notes for managed and vm

docs/setup_notes_vm.md, after:

# Instruction for Setup for VM MySQL:

## VM creation
1. Select instance to create.
2. Choose E2 for price and usability.
3. Choose e2-small for minimum of 2GB of memory.
4. Choose Ubuntu OS system.
5. Everything else kept to default and hit enter.

## Firewall configuration
1. Create a firewall rule.
2. Name it and give it a description.
3. Set IP range to 0.0.0.0/0 to allow all IPs.
4. Set protocol to TCP:3306

## SSH steps
1. Type `sudo apt-get update` to update the OS system.
2. Type `sudo apt install mysql-server mysql-client` to install mysql into the server.
3. Type `sudo mysql` to log in into mysql.
4. Type `CREATE USER 'xxx'@'%' IDENTIFIED BY 'xxx';` to add user to database
5. Type `GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON *.* TO 'xxx'@'%' WITH GRANT OPTION;` to give all privileges to the user.
6. Download Nano
7. Type `sudo nano /etc/mysql/mysql.conf.d/mysqld.cnf` to edit mysqld.cnf file
6. Input `0.0.0.0/0` in the mysqld.cnf to allow for other network connections.
7. Restart SSH and input `mysql -u 'xxx' -p` to locally test the user connection to mysql.
8. Input the password you set to the username.

## Time to setup
It took a total about 30 minutes to create of the database, connecting to the python script, connecting to ssh and installing mysql, and running a query to check if the script worked properly.
